[Identity] Rename Troubleshooting.md to TROUBLESHOOTING.md (#20702)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/identity/identity/CHANGELOG.md

After multiple beta releases over the past year, we're proud to announce the general availability of version 2 of the `@azure/identity` package. This version includes the best parts of v1, plus several improvements.

> This changelog entry showcases the changes that have been made from version 1 of this package. See the [v1-to-v2 migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/migration-v1-v2.md) for details on how to upgrade your application to use the version 2 of `@azure/identity`. For information on troubleshooting the Identity package, see the [troubleshooting guide](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/identity/troubleshoot).

Author: ```suggestion
This changelog entry showcases the changes that have been made from version 1 of this package. See the [v1-to-v2 migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/migration-v1-v2.md) for details on how to upgrade your application to use the version 2 of `@azure/identity`. For information on troubleshooting the Identity package, see the [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).
```

- `InteractiveBrowserCredential` has a new `loginHint` constructor option, which allows a username to be pre-selected for interactive logins.
- In `AzureCliCredential`, we allow specifying a `tenantId` in the parameters through the `AzureCliCredentialOptions`.
- A new error, named `AuthenticationRequiredError`, has been added. This error shows up when a credential fails to authenticate silently.

> - Errors and logged exceptions may point to the new [troubleshooting guidelines](https://aka.ms/azsdk/js/identity/troubleshoot).

Author: ```suggestion
- Errors and logged exceptions may point to the new [troubleshooting guidelines](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/main/sdk/identity/identity/TROUBLESHOOTING.md).
```
